[Clang][Sema] Diagnosis for constexpr constructor not initializing a union member (#81225)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  prints.

- Clang now diagnoses member template declarations with multiple declarators.

> - Clang now diagnoses use of the ``template`` keyword after declarative nested name specifiers.

Reviewer: I don't think this release note is about this patch, isn't it?
```suggestion
```

> - Clang now diagnoses constexpr constructor for not initializing atleast one member of union
> - Fixes(`#46689 Constexpr constructor not initializing a union member is not diagnosed`)

Reviewer: A NIT to render correctly in the doc and align with the style of the doc.
```suggestion
- Clang now diagnoses constexpr constructor for not initializing at least one member of union.  Fixes  `#46689 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/46689>`_.
```
